[thrilling music playing]
[dragons screeching in distance]
[screaming]
[dragon growls]
[watch commander]
Don't just fucking stand there.
-To arms!
-[Bram] To arms!
-[Bram] Right!
[crowd screaming]
[dragon squeals]
Squire! Feed me!
-[whooshes]
-[dragon screeches]
[Bram grunts]
Ah.
[dragon groans]
-[screeching in distance]
-[gasps] Shit!
They're swarming! Fall back!
-[man 1] Fall back!
-[man 2] Fall back!
[growling]
[gasps]
Inside. Move.
Kaden!
[tense music playing]
[thuds]
[dragon screeching]
[panting]
That's a lot of fucking dragons.
[theme music playing]
[Terrorblade as Father]
At our first meeting,
I offered you an alliance.
You refused. A mistake.
-[rumbling]
-Wyrmlings. They're my children now.
Slaves to their Eldwyrms' lost souls.
They will grind this keep to sand.
Kill everyone inside.
Feast on the remains.
You have the power to stop this.
Give me Slyrak.
Let Father go!
[Terrorblade as Father]
This man wanted to bleed you dry.
Take your power.
He isn't worthy of your rage.
You call him Father.
He's just another disappointment.
[screams]
[Fymryn grunts]
[grunts, pants]
[Davion breathing heavily]
-[grunts]
-No!
-I won't run from a fight!
-A fight you can't win!
Then I'll die with my brothers!
A meaningless death.
You once told me to let go.
Dying here means you haven't learned
a gods-damned thing.
-[rumbling]
-Shh. Listen.
[thudding in distance]
[Fymryn grunts]
[growls]
-What is that thing?
-Earth wyrmling!
-What's it doing?
-Trying to eat us! Stay with me!
-[Fymryn grunts]
-[Earth wyrmling growls]
Its eyes. Something's wrong with its eyes!
Terrorblade. I need a weapon. This way!
[growls]
[Mirana] We're in friendly territory now.
The Uplands have long been allied
with the Nightsilver Woods.
If the Coedwei pursue us,
at least we'll have help.
[groans]
[thuds]
-[Sagan groans]
-[Mirana] Luna?
[grunts, inhales sharply]
Don't say it. I'll be fine.
[breathes heavily]
Medico.
Infected. I can clean it again, but…
Oh, Princess, I can't make it better.
There's a fort not far from here.
They might have the medicine she needs.
[Medico] I'll say a prayer to Selemene.
I'll pray she hears it.
[suspenseful music playing]
Knights, to me. Hold the line!
Can't defend this position. No cover.
I am in command here, Kaden,
and I will not cede the width
of a swamp spider's thorax
to these filthy abominations!
You heard him. Hold the line.
[thuds]
[gasps]
[dragon screeches]
[gasping]
[grunts]
[screams]
[dragon growls]
[grunts]
-[gasps]
-[dragon screeches]
[gasping, panting]
[Kaden] Get back.
-[grunts]
-[thuds]
-[crashing in distance]
-[gasps]
[rumbling]
[growling]
[Kaden] Fucking things
are working together.
Like they have a plan.
They've never done that.
It's not possible.
We have to retreat.
Find Father. More weapons.
-[screams]
-[groans]
[screams]
[yelps]
[groans]
Not possible.
[grunts]
My sword! My life!
[groaning]
[grandiose music playing]
[Earth wyrmling growls]
[Ritterfau grunts]
Ritterfau. Fight, damn it.
I'm, I'm just a squire.
You killed a dragon.
Saw it with my own eyes.
Congratulations. You're a Dragon Knight.
-[tense music playing]
-[grunts]
-[growls]
Servants' stairs. Go. Find Father.
[pants]
[grunts]
[banging]
Dead. They're all dead.
You're learning. Take that.
Return the favor.
But this sword. It's Ritterfau's.
Ritterfau doesn't need it.
[footsteps approaching]
[Sagan groans]
Sagan. Chagu, chagu. Komiza vis.
-Gyaa!
-[Sagan growls]
Marci.
[blows horn]
Bit far from home, aren't we?
I am Mirana, emissary of Selemene.
My people are in urgent need
of food and medicine.
What happened?
[Mirana] We were attacked by the Coedwei.
We barely made it out alive.
Eh. Some more than others.
We'll only stay long enough
to treat our wounded and resupply.
Well, that's not my decision.
But for now, you can take her
to the infirmary.
The rest can find food in the mess.
Thank you. The Nightsilver Woods
will remember your hospitality.
I would speak to your captain.
Soon enough. Rest now.
These Coedwei are ruthless and determined.
They may track us here.
Your soldiers…
I hope they're prepared.
[Urlo chuckles]
No bark-eating elf bastard
will ever take you from this fort.
How very reassuring.
Father!
[pants]
[somber music playing]
Father?
No claw marks. No burrow holes.
Whatever happened here,
there was no dragon.
How is she?
[Mirana sighs]
Fever's down.
I was able to properly suture and bandage
the wound and treat the infection.
-We have to keep moving.
-You have to stay on your back.
Luna is right. We're too near the border.
The longer we stay here,
the more vulnerable we are.
She needs rest.
[sighs]
-Or she'll die.
-How long?
Mm. A week? At least.
[dramatic music playing]
We're leaving tomorrow.
-[indistinct chatter]
-[clanking]
[thudding]
No, we're not home yet.
But our bellies are full and we can sleep
with both eyes closed tonight.
Crescent light upon you, Princess.
Crescent light upon us all.
[all chant]
Crescent light upon us all!
The captain's ready to see you.
Uh. Just the emissary, if you please.
[footsteps receding]
[slurps, gulps]
[crickets creaking]
[suspenseful music playing]
[gasps]
Goddess.
[breathing heavily]
-[groans]
-[floor creaks]
[grunts, gasps]
[gasping]
[Vanari] I wouldn't, Princess.
I was paid to bring you in alive.
He didn't say in what condition.
You killed all those people.
You wiped out this entire outpost,
all for a bounty.
Your uncle misses you very much.
Just enough, as it turns out.
[foreboding music playing]
Box them up before it wears off.
[uplifting music playing]
[growls]
[tense music playing]
[growling continues]
[Earth wyrmling screeches]
[growls]
-Do your thing! Go!
-I came here to rescue you.
If you won't run, neither will I.
I set a terrible example.
[growls]
-[rumbling]
-[panting]
Earth wyrmlings. I feel it too.
Through there.
[grunts]
[Earth wyrmling groans]
[Earth wyrmling pants]
[grunts]
[dragon screeching]
[groans]
-I'm Bram. Dragon Knight. And you are?
-[dragon growls]
[tense music continues]
[grunts]
[growls]
[Terrorblade as Father]
There's nowhere left to run.
Nowhere left to hide.
[foreboding music playing]
[Terrorblade] Davion. Dragon Knight.
What a long, sad road it's been.
Doomed to die. Forgotten.
Your identity, consumed.
Transformed into a murderous abomination
in the service of a master you hate.
Fymryn.
Child of the moon,
your head full of stories.
A little girl who imagines
she's a goddess.
Just a freak, really. An accident.
Bram. Dear, dear, Bram.
So full of hope. So earnest. So obliging.
But a sword doesn't make you
a Dragon Knight.
Thirty men rode to Leathsham.
One rode back.
You rode back. Alone. Always alone.
The dead cry out for vengeance.
But you ignore their pleas.
You have achieved
what Slyrak himself could not.
The destruction of the Dragon Knights.
Oh, so many dead, Little Bit.
Because you were foolish enough
to believe one lie,
and make yourself part of another.
Your destiny is to die
on someone else's quest.
Serving someone else's glory.
A sad, bit player in another man's story.
Redemption stands in front of you.
Clothed in the flesh of a man
you call "brother".
Yet you hide behind an oath
and call your cowardice loyalty.
There is only one thing left
for you to do.
So far from your own battle.
Hiding from the consequences.
Will they remember you, dear Bram?
Or simply bury you
next to all the other forgotten dead?
Strike Slyrak down.
Free your brothers from their torment.
Give in. Let go. Change your destiny.
Free yourself.
[Terrorblade as Father]
All you have to do is let me in.
You were right.
-Of course, you were right.
-[clinks]
[grunts]
[gasps, groans]
[grunts, groans]
[Terrorblade as Father]
Slyrak's soul is mine!
And with it, the whole of creation!
[screaming]
[groaning]
-[groans]
-[grunts]
-Well played, Little Bit.
[screams, grunts]
[Terrorblade as Father laughing]
[gasps]
[dramatic music playing]
[Fymryn grunts]
Uh?
[Father breathing heavily]
[stammering]
My sword.
[breathing heavily]
My life.
[Father breathing heavily]
[Terrorblade] Havoc.
[growls]
[action music playing]
[screeching]
[groans]
-[growls]
-[fire crackles]
[dragon screeches]
[pants, screams]
[screams]
Stay together.
Look.
[growls]
[tense music playing]
Rylai.
Climb on! Hurry!
[Slyvion] Flee.
What the demon has corrupted,
I will cleanse with fire.
That's what the demon wants.
For us to stand and die,
so he can take you.
We have to fight the true enemy.
They are all my enemies.
Davion. Come with us. Please!
Slyrak did this to you for a reason.
But it can't be this.
"Can't be this"?
Bram. Best damn squire in Dragon Hold.
[grandiose music playing]
[rumbling]
[suspenseful music]
In you go, love.
This one's full. Your ride's over there.
No. Choose the moment.
[grunts]
Ah. "The Scourge of the Plains."
There's a hefty price on your head.
Almost as big as the Princess.
Double if you're still alive.
It's a long ride to the Helio Imperium,
Your Highness.
Let's not keep your uncle waiting.
[groans]
[horse neighs]
Wake, Vahdrak. Father of Chaos.
[low growl]
Your time has come.
[growls]
[closing theme music playing]